So we worked on the project cards,
we talked about data fetching and
different ways and
all the trade offs of that and
I keep stopping my server,
turn that back on.
Now, the thing underneath that
is going to be this task lists.
We'll get to the new project afterwards.
But for the task list,
it's just going to list all the tasks
regardless of what project you're on.
So that's what we want to do.
So we need to first create the component.
Then we've got to figure out
what's going to get the data.
Is it going to be the task list
component or the task card component?
Or is it gonna be the page
that contains it?
Anybody want to guess before we make it?
>> Page.
>> Why the page?
No good reason.
You just felt like same page [LAUGH].
Okay, I like it.
We'll see.
We'll find out.
But think about it as we're, what would be
>> The component,
it will be the task component.
>> It would be the task component.
Why you say that?
>> Because you're gonna pass
the project ID into the task component.
And you're gonna go and get the task for
that particular project unless
you wanna bring the tasks down
automatically with the projects.
>> No,
I think what you're saying is accurate.
So we should entertain that.
Let's see what happens.
So let's go to here.
So go to your components folder,
make a task card component and
let's get that going.
So, components,
task, card and.
We definitely want to get the data for the
task card inside the task card component
and that's because it's
mostly self contained.
They're all in the same UI elements.
The page which renders the task card only
renders one task card, it doesn't render
each individual task independently
like it did the project cards.
The project cards were rendered
individually from the page.
So therefore the page was
the one that was responsible for
fetching the data, because it needed
to know how many projects to render.
In the case of the task card,
all the tasks are self
contained in the card itself.
So it doesn't really It makes sense.
It's not the page's responsibility to
have to get that data, although it could,
and it probably wouldn't change anything
as far as like how fast it loaded up,
but it will change what control
you have over when it comes to,
showing a loading UI and
what order it loads.
So let's just get started with that.
So bringing our imports here, we're going
to-- I'm just going to copy them over.
There's so many imports.
Getting our user from cookie,
because you know we have to do that for
our database queries, our cookies,
we're using a button and a card,
our task status Edom, and our database so
let's work on that get data.
So if we need to get data for
all the tasks regardless of the project
what does that query gonna look like?
Well, first we got to get the user and
that's always just going to be from get
user from cookie passing and cookies.
And then we need to use
Prisma to be able to get
all the tasks that
are basically not deleted and
excuse me,
I wanna get all the completed ones.
So, this is just, I'm sorry, I want to get
the ones that aren't completed because if
they're completed they
should even show up.
It should just be open tasks basically.
So we're gonna say const tasks
equals await DB dot tasks dot find
mini Where owner ID is user.id.
Without this owner ID field I
think I mentioned this earlier,
we'd have to query all the projects for
the owner, for the user, and
they get all the tasks for those projects.
And we have to do all that in JavaScript.
Or I guess we could do that
in the database too, but
it would be we'd have to
query the projects for that.
So by just putting that one field on
the task, who does this task belong to?
We can not have to query
the project's table.
Because otherwise the TAs wouldn't
know which owner they belong to.
They only belong to projects they
don't know who the person is.
But now they do, they do know who
that person is, is the owner.
So we got that, but not all right.
So how that works?
Yeah, so went down to much, silverware.
So not status task status dot completed.
So we don't want the completed ones and
we don't want the ones that are deleted.
All right, delete false, sorry.
No, I think I will delete it true when it.
No, it's delete false.
I think we'll find out I forgot
how I set it up in the schema.
We'll either get it or we won't get it.
And then I'm gonna limit how many I get,
so I'm gonna put take and
then a number,
which is basically like limit.
So take the first five.
That's what that's saying.
Only want five.
And then I want to sort them and
I can use order by for that.
So I can say order by and
then they have a due property.
So when they're due and
I want that to ascend.
So the date gets older
as the list goes down.
So the one that's due the soonest
will be at the top of the list.
>> So
we're not specifying which project yet
this belongs to when we make the query.
>> Yeah, so
we just want to get all the open tasks for
this user regardless of project.
>> We're limiting it to five.
>> Yeah, we only want to get
the first five projects for
this user that is not completed
regardless of project.
>> All the first five tasks
regardless of the project.
>> Yep.
>> And so the deleted we want
is that like a double negative?
>> Yeah, I think this needs to be true,
but we're gonna find out.
I had it false for a reason and
I don't remember why.
So I'm gonna leave it false until
it doesn't return something and
then we'll put true cuz it
makes sense to be true.
But I think I had it false for a reason.
I don't remember.
Yes.
>> So is there a reason why we won't do
find all the tasks or is this for
just the initial load?
>> Yeah, this is just the initial load.
This is not all the tasks for a project.
That's when you click on a project.
When you click on one of these, then
we'll get all the tasks for that project.
Yeah, this is one that's
gonna be at the bottom.
That's just like here are your
next five do task that's it.
Regardless of project that they're
on these are the five that are due
based off the due date that they have.
Cool.
Any other questions?
No?
Okay, so we got that.
We can return the task,
and that's what we'll do.
We'll return the task here, we're going to
make our task card component Like this.
Async and then we're going to
say task equals await get data.
So typically we'd probably stop right
here as far as like the data goes.
But I know we're going to reuse this
task cart in the project page when you
click on these projects and it shows you
all the tasks will just reuse that card.
And that is going to have a different
scenario on which it fetches data because
that page as you will see,
is gonna be able to fetch a project
which can already get tasks.
So, it's already gonna have tests.
So I won't need the task
card to also get tasks.
When the project page itself will
already have the task for that project.
So, I wouldn't want to get the data here.
So, I'm gonna to make this task
card take in tasks as well.
As a prop, if you already have tasks,
then you can take them in.
I'm going to rename this to data.
And then if you already have tasks,
then I don't wanna run this
I'll say tasks or that.
So either you give us some tasks or
we'll just go get the tasks
Does that make sense?
Yeah.
Like I said, you can pretty much use
await anywhere you do synchronous code,
and it just kind of works.
If you wrap a parentheses around it,
you can even do like what comes after it.
It's kind of like if get
data returned an object,
you can put parentheses around it and
start accessing the properties on it.
It's kind of nuts.
Okay, all right.
We got our data.
Everything after this is pretty much.
Just standard JSX there's
not much going on here.
So I'm just gonna put this in here and
then we can talk about
the interpolated parts, but
they're not really that interesting so.
Keep going.
Okay, so interpolated parts here Here
we have this thing called title.
So we're gonna have task
card take a title as well.
We have a button that
doesn't really do anything.
There's no unclick here,
and interpolated values.
All we're doing here is looping over
the data, which is an array of tasks.
And we're just making a new task
here with the name and description.
That's it.
If there are no tasks,
we just show a div that says no tasks.